This program requires improvements and is completely open-source.
Authorization, persistent configuration are some of the areas that are of interest.

Install

*Connect server is a test; every action will attempt to connect, it is not required to click connect server to start

1. Install Fingerprint Driver. File: ftrDriverSetup_win8_whql_2307.exe
2. Install dotNetFramework from the dotNetFramework Folder
3. Main program is inside DiskImages/DISK1/program files. Run the Thump.exe program. No installation required.
4. create a folder called fingerprint in c:\ directory so directory is c:\fingerprint
5. In program files folder; same location in 3. above; look for server__.txt, rename to server.txt and enter server ip/hostname, mysql database for erpnext, mysql user and password; ensure proper privileges. (keep this app on a trusted system and with a trusted manager; this feature will be secured in the future.)
6. Create custom field in Employee Doc type; field name should be fingerprint. This is used to store fingerprint ID generated by the software


Capture Fingerprints for enrollment

1. You may enroll one person at a time using the Enroll button.
2. Enter the numeric part of ERPNext empoyee ID like 0001 for employee with ID EMP-0001
3. Scan. Place thumb on reader and click the scan button, a preview is generated on the right. When Done click the Scan button again
4. If user exists an error will be thrown
5. Click enroll

Capture Fingerprint in bulk (considering remote location and field workers)

There may be sitiuations where you need to capture fingerprints in the field. Use the OEM sample app attached in folder ftrScanApiEx_v3.3
1. Plug reader and click capture finger, when done, click stop
2. Click File and Save Image to c:\fingerprint or any location of choice if at remote location. Name file with numeric part of employee ID, save

* Various agents can capture employee data in the field and send to a head office of HR office. the bulk enroll allows you capture thousands and update the data.

When fingerprints are collected and ready. One high level personnel can enroll the batch by placing correctly named fingerprint images in the c:\fingerprint folder and clicking Enroll All from the program after anterning 1234 in the PW field (this will be secured in the future, for now, keep the app on a trusted system)

Wait for the app if you have say over 500 employees to enroll and once it gets responsive; you should refresh the preiview to see generated codes under the fingerprint column of the employee table preview.

Attendance.

Attendance is taken by entering numeric part of employee ID, placing thumb, clicking scan, done and click Clock-in. Clock-out at the end of the day or when required. Same procedure. Only one operation for in or out is allowed in a 24hour cycle. improvements may allow for integration of breaks.

To update payroll; the software will update erpnext using "absence without leave feature". The system will allow you to update salary payroll within the last 3 days of the month. Simply enter 1234567 and click Calculate Absence. Salaries will be updated and deductions made. Reveiw and confirm.

Clearing and reseting.

To reset the data and erpnext employee table fingerprint column (this is safe; but will also reset all attendance entered. Employee data will not be affected in any way)

1. Enter 1234 and click CFPDATA. data is reset

More on the forums. Thanks; lets make this much better than it is!
